Use ISA circuits and observables in Primitives examples. (#789)
Qiskit/documentation: docs/run/advanced-runtime-options.mdx

When calling the primitives, you can pass in options by using the `Options` class or when using the `run` method. In the `Options` class, commonly used options, such as `resilience_level`, are at the first level. Other options are grouped into different categories:

<Admonition type="note" title="Important:">

> To ensure faster and more efficient results, as of 1 Mar 2024, circuits and observables need to be transformed to only use instructions supported by the system (referred to as *instruction set architecture (ISA)* circuits and observables) before being submitted to the Qiskit Runtime primitives.  See the [transpilation documentation](../transpile) for instructions to transform circuits.  Due to this change, the primitives will no longer perform layout or routing operations, consequently transpilation options referring to those tasks will no longer have any effect. Users may still request that the Primitives do no optimization of input circuits via `options.transpilation.skip_transpilation`.

Author: @beckykd I made the dates consistent in all the admonitions, but I didn't copy the text changes I made here to the other ones. Can you copy this text to the other locations?

> To ensure faster and more efficient results, as of 1 March2024, circuits and observables need to be transformed to only use instructions supported by the system (referred to as *instruction set architecture (ISA)* circuits and observables) before being submitted to the Qiskit Runtime primitives.  See the [transpilation documentation](../transpile) for instructions to transform circuits.  Due to this change, the primitives will no longer perform layout or routing operations, consequently transpilation options referring to those tasks will no longer have any effect. Users may still request that the Primitives do no optimization of input circuits via `options.transpilation.skip_transpilation`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure faster and more efficient results, as of 1 March 2024, circuits and observables need to be transformed to only use instructions supported by the system (referred to as *instruction set architecture (ISA)* circuits and observables) before being submitted to the Qiskit Runtime primitives.  See the [transpilation documentation](../transpile) for instructions to transform circuits.  Due to this change, the primitives will no longer perform layout or routing operations, consequently transpilation options referring to those tasks will no longer have any effect. Users may still request that the Primitives do no optimization of input circuits via `options.transpilation.skip_transpilation`.
```

</Admonition>

> ![The image shows the top-level options categories: transpilation, resilience, execution, environment, and simulation.](/images/build/options.png "Option categories")

Reviewer 2: I made a note in our V2 issue to update that image.

```python
estimator = Estimator(session=backend, options=options)

> result = estimator.run(isa_circuit, isa_observable).result()

Author: For these examples where `circuit` and `observable` are not actually defined in the text, does it really clarify the example to rename these?

Author: I'm going to drop these changes.

estimator = Estimator(session=backend, options=options)
```

Turning off all optional runtime compilation steps requires a "second-level option", as follows:

```python
from qiskit_ibm_runtime import Estimator, Options

options = Options()
options.transpilation.skip_transpilation = True

estimator = Estimator(session=backend, options=options)
```

For more information and a complete list of advanced transpilation options, see the Advanced transpilation options table in the
[Runtime compilation topic](configure-runtime-compilation#transpilation-table).

> 

Author: The `skip_transpilation` option is still valid. I am going to restore this section.
